people say kings have royal blood even
blue blood
but nobody's quite sure what that means
if a vampire but a king would they have
royal blood too
some people think kings themselves are a
little bit like
vampires even dracula was the name of
real king
vlad the third of wallachia who didn't
really drink anybody's blood but
did a lot of awful things to anyone who
disagreed with him
back then you always had to remove your
hat in the presence of the king
only the king got to wear a hat
or crown
um
once when some turkish ambassadors
refused to remove their turbans citing
religious reasons
dracula ordered the turbans nailed to
their heads
around the same time there was a
hungarian noble woman named countess
elizabeth
who treated her servant girls so badly
that there was a rumor she used to kill
them and take baths in their blood so as
to keep her skin young
though it seems unlikely that that was
really true
it's possible that you see the two
stories kind of fused together somehow
probably the most famous story about the
scary kings who live off their subjects
is a story of zahak a very bad king of
ancient persia
zahak didn't start bad he just really
loved food
so the devil this is the story
appeared in his court disguised as a
cook
why do you always just eat vegetables he
said because back then according to the
story people were vegetarians um
you should kill animals and drink their
blood it's much tastier
let the cook made tasty meat dishes and
they were indeed so good that zahak said
this is wonderful you made me so happy
you can have any reward you wish
and the devil said
all i wish is to kiss you on the
shoulders so the king agreed okay and
the devil kissed him once on each
shoulder
and soon after snakes started growing
out of the king's shoulders on those
exact spots
first he tried to cut them off but they
just grew back
and the snakes grew bigger and bigger
and hungrier and hungrier and finally
he called in a doctor but actually the
doctor was just the devil again and
disguised as a doctor and the doctor
said
hmm snakes like that snakes like that
eat brains
you have to feed them human brains or
otherwise they'll get so hungry they'll
eat your brains
so zaha kept just set out spies under
the kingdom every day to kidnap people
and feed their brains to the snake
this went on for many years until one
day as people figured out what was going
on they rose up and overthrew him
according to one story they didn't
actually kill him but they left him
chained to in a cave to be hungry for
all eternity